#Uncovering the Dynamics of User Content Generation: A Case Study of Stack Exchange Websites

Introduction
Related Work
Modeling User Content Generation
Desiderata -- what are the desired properties of our content generation model, e.g., macroscopic, explanatory power, predictive power, parsimony/minimalism, comprehensive.
Problem Formulation -- how we formulate the content generation model. Instead of directly modeling content generation as a function of time, we are modeling it in terms of associated factors, which themselves are time-dependent (functions of time).
Factors of Content Generation -- recognize the key factors that drive content generation in UGC platforms. In particular, we recognize the factors of content generation for different types of contents in Stack Exchange websites. 
Growth Functions -- alternative growth functions to capture the effect of a single factor on content generation. 
Interaction among the Factors -- potential interaction among the factors and resultant relationships. 
Proposed Model -- a model that can capture different types of  interactions among the factors. We present special cases of our model, and establish connection between these cases and classical concepts such as the law of the minimum, economic production, etc.
Empirical Analysis / Empirical Study
Dataset Description -- number of websites, time period and other relevant description.
Bayesian Parameter Estimation -- model parameters and how we use the Bayesian framework to estimate those.
Model Fitting Results / Parameter Analysis -- best fit parameter values (distribution)  for different Stack Exchange websites (with diagrams).
Model Interpretation/ Explaining Content Generation -- explaining content generation in Stack Exchange websites in the light of diminishing return (co-limitation). 
Explaining Content Generation using Market Production / The Underlying Market Production -- how content generation in Stack Exchange websites reflect market production.
Case Study -- the curious case of websites deviating from the diminishing return.
Uncovering Population and Content Dynamics / Relating Population and Content Dynamics to Content Generation -- content generation in the light of population (activity distribution and evolution) and content (perspective distribution and evolution) dynamics. We attempt to establish the hypothesis that individuals are coming with lower resources.
Forecasting Content Generation -- the effectiveness of our model in prediction task.
Model Sensitivity / Sensitivity to Time Granularity -- the effectiveness study of our model under different time granularity, e.g., day, week, month, quarter.
Discussion
Analysis of the Best Fit Model -- present theoretical analysis of the best fit model and the implications.
Implications and Future Directions -- the implications (new applications) of our research and potential research questions. 
Methodological Limitations -- the assumptions of our model and other limitations.
Conclusion
